[Applause]
it returns to the place where it last
left its chick in the hope that it might
still be close by but chicks tend one
day so the adult has to call the chick
responds and they slowly homed in on one
another the plaintiff entreaties of the
chip stimulates the adult to regurgitate
a mouthful of fish
[Laughter]
with the return of one parent the other
is free to go to sea to feed for itself
[Music]
aware of the leopard seals presence the
penguins pressed together at the ice
edge unwilling to be the first to risk
diving in
[Music]
occasionally the seal comes out onto the
ice and attempts to grab one
[Applause]
[Music]
but it's most successful strategy by far
is the lion wait
[Music]
it hides behind the corner of ice
the antlers gain confidence and make a
dash for it
[Applause]
the first wave of penguins escape
once in open water there will be safe
the seal is alerted by the noise and
through the massive bubbles it makes its
attack
[Music]
almost invariably it makes a kill
encouraged by the absence of the seal
the remaining penguins make a break for
the open sea
[Applause]
[Music]
their cheeks will Fletch and when the
Antarctic autumn is nearly 10 these
adults will walk across the newly formed
ice to endure yet another winter on the
frozen sea